Gaeacoin Core integration
==============================
What is Gaeacoin?
------------------------------
Gaeacoin is a digital currency based on "point-to-point" (P2P) technology and is independent from specific currency issuing organizations and is above the control of any central organization, and this currency is generated by onerous computation using special algorithms. All the transaction activities involving this currency are recognized and recorded using a distributed database consisting of numerous nodes throughout the entire P2P network. <br/>
Gaeacoin is not only supported by unique security technology specifications of its own but also by economic principles. Each circulation step of this currency is safeguarded by 10 encryption algorithms using 18 rounds of super-secure cryptographic hash operation and, on the supply side, it applies international currency economy principles (M1, M2, and M3) as well, making it more stable than any digital currency ever invented.

Birth
-------------------------------
Richard Palmer, a senior engineer at Google, is an expert of digitally encrypted currency, and Dr. Beata is a mathematician and economist, both of them having once been active in Bitcoin open source community and having made notable contribution to the improvement of Bitcoin open source codes. They have always wanted to create a digital currency of their own, hoping this currency may satisfy the needs of more people, help those needing help, and not just serve speculators. So, Richard Palmer and Dr. Beata started deep optimization of Bitcoin source codes at the beginning of 2014. They incorporated economic principles in their design and have used 10 encryption algorithms, finally having a digital currency to call their own in June 2015, which they named Gaeacoin.<br/>
Gaea is the god of the Earth in Greek mythology, a prominent and well-respected god among the divinities. He is the first god in Greek mythology and was given birth to by Chaos at the creation of heavy and earth. To present day, the westerners still have the habit of referring to the earth as "Gaea". Gaeacoin: a symbol of the mother of currencies, implying its extensive acceptance and circulation around the earth.

Features
-------------------------------
###Decentralization<br/>
Gaeacoin, as a digital currency based on "point-to-point" (P2P) technology, consists of all the nodes in the whole network, and eliminates all central issuance or administration organizations.<br/>
###Global circulation<br/>
Gaeacoin may be operated and managed by anybody using any Internet-connected computer, whatever their location.<br/>
###Zero transaction cost<br/>
By a wallet program, Gaeacoin may be received or remitted free of charge, entailing no cost at all.<br/>
###Anonymity<br/>
Gaeacoin-related payment is free of irksome value limit or procedure limit and may be made without knowing the receiver's name, you only need to know the receiver's Gaeacoin address to make the payment. Similarly, the receiver of payment in Gaeacoin currency does not know the payer's identity either.<br/>
###Security<br/>
Generated by 10 encryption algorithms using 18 rounds of super-secure hash operation, Gaeacoin has better security performance.<br/>
###Finiteness<br/>
The total quantity of Gaeacoin currency was set by the algorithms to 1 billion coins and they are expected to be mined up over a period of 18 years. The finite quantity of Gaeacoin upholds its value. According to the economic principle of currency supply, this avoids inflation due to oversupply, as in the case of traditional banknotes.

